Improving LLM performance for quickstarter guides. -- v1 (#149)
teamhanko/docs: guides/authentication-methods/oauth/facebook.mdx

**Key Technologies**: 
- OAuth 2.0 authentication protocol
- Facebook Login API and Graph API
- JWT (JSON Web Tokens) for secure session management
- Facebook App Review process
- RESTful API integration

**Prerequisites**: 
- Active Hanko Cloud account with a configured project
- Facebook developer account and access to Facebook Developer Portal
- Basic understanding of OAuth 2.0 authentication flow
- Frontend application ready for integration

**Tasks You'll Complete**:
1. Create and configure a Facebook application in the developer portal
2. Set up Facebook Login with required permissions and redirect URLs
3. Configure Facebook OAuth credentials in Hanko Console
4. Implement Facebook authentication in your frontend application
5. Understand Facebook app publishing requirements
</div>

## Prerequisites

Before starting this integration, ensure you have:

1. A Hanko Cloud account and project. [Set up your account here](https://docs.hanko.io/setup-hanko-cloud) if you haven't already.
2. A Facebook developer account. Visit the [Facebook developer portal](https://developers.facebook.com/) and select `Login` to create an account.

## Get your provider redirect URL

> You'll need to configure a redirect URL in your Facebook application. This URL determines where Facebook redirects users after successful authentication. The redirect URL combines your Hanko API base URL with the [`/thirdparty/callback`](http://docs.hanko.io/api/public#tag/Third-Party/operation/thirdPartyCallback) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to configure a redirect URL in your Facebook application. This URL determines where Facebook redirects users after successful authentication. The redirect URL combines your Hanko API base URL with the [`/thirdparty/callback`](/api-reference/public/third-party/third-party-provider-callback) endpoint.
```

To find your redirect URL:

1. Sign in to [cloud.hanko.io](https://cloud.hanko.io).
2. Select your `Organization`.
3. Select your `Project`.

> 4. In the left sidebar, click `Settings`, then select `Identity providers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the left sidebar, click `Settings`, then select `Social connections`.
```

    />
</Frame>

> 4. Navigate to your project `Settings` and select `Identity providers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Navigate to your project `Settings` and select `Social connections`.
```

> 5. In the `Providers` section, find `Facebook` and expand its configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the `Connections` section, find `Facebook` and expand its configuration.
```

Author: Applied this change!

    />
</Frame>

## Implement Facebook login in your frontend

You can integrate Facebook authentication using either:
- Pre-built UI components from [`@teamhanko/hanko-elements`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@teamhanko/hanko-elements)
- Custom implementation with [`@teamhanko/hanko-frontend-sdk`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@teamhanko/hanko-frontend-sdk)

<Tabs>

    <Tab title="Hanko Elements">
        Follow our [quickstart guides](https://docs.hanko.io/quickstarts) to integrate the `<hanko-auth>` component from `@teamhanko/hanko-elements` into your application. Once configured, the component will automatically display a Facebook sign-in button in the login interface.

        <Note>
            Make sure to configure the page the web component is embedded on as your `error redirect URL` as well as an

>             `allowed redirect URL` (see the [previous step](#configure-credentials-with-hanko)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            `allowed redirect URL` (see the [previous step](#configure-facebook-credentials-in-hanko)).
```
